The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everyone. It's my brother, my brother, and me, and the time has come.
Time to pay the piper. Time to pay the piper. I'm gonna grab you fucking nerds by your socks,
by your by your your shoe meat. I'm gonna shake you till all your change and dollars fall out.
Get that piper is thirsty, my friend. Oops, your car keys came out too. Looks like I'm gonna have
to sell those for metal scrap. How's your goose been this year? Oh, I've had a fine crop of goofs,
a bumper crop of goofs here at McElroy Farms. We've been giving away for free, but here's the
thing, folks. Now the piper's come and he wants all those pickled peppers of potty humor that you've
been enjoying. He's come, you gotta pay him for them. Do you remember a time when the McElroy's
used to give away their goof crops for free? Pepperidge Farm remembers, and now it's time to
pay. Pepperidge Farm always collects on its debts. I can't hear you guys very well, and I thought
you were saying goose, G-O-O-S-E, and I was like, you should let those around your pickle farm.
They will do a number on your crop. So anyway, it's time to pay the fucking piper.
It's max fun drive weeks, and the fun has stops, and the drive begins. The max is important too,
because we want the maximum amount of the money that you can give us. And a lot of the other
shows on the network won't tow this hard a line. Yeah, yeah. They seem embarrassed about it. We
know what we offer. By my math, we've done about 30 good ones. I think about 30 good.
Statistically, it's pretty good. It's better than most podcasts. And what you don't know is actually
the machine of comedy is lubricated by your money. So lube us up, and let us make you laugh,
so it's all glistening and slippery. We put your money, your cash money and your change money,
into some sort of oil press, and we just squeeze it down. And then I guess all of your finger and
hand juice sort of comes out, and then we just dump that into the mouth of the goof machine.
Correct. And that keeps it going for another year. I'm just going to give you this address
right now. Let's get it up early and often. Maximumfun.org forward slash donate. Go now.
What's that? What is that? And where is it? Where is that? What is it? What are we talking about?
So now the non-goof portion of this. Every year, Max Fun podcasts are delivered to you free of
charge. That's the deal, and that's the way it is now and always shall be. But we do come to you
once a year and say, hey, if you wouldn't mind, if you could, if you got the extra scratch,
if you could kick a little bit of that our way to help support the shows on the network that you
love. We offer great thank you gifts, and it's a way for you to say, hey, I really like this stuff.
This is good stuff. And Maximum Fun is a podcast network that only exists because you like it,
because you like the shows that are on the network, and this is your chance to sort of say, hey,
I cut the cable. I'm just doing this thing now, just doing podcasts.
The Max Fun Drive runs for two weeks. We're going to be talking about it all throughout the episode,
but we're going to do a long one, and we got some special stuff planned. We also got bonus
content. Every show on the network has bonus content. If you become a donor, you get access
to not only this year's crop of bonus content from every show, including this one and the Adventure
Zone and Sawbones and Schmaners and all of them, but also all the bonus content we've ever done
in perpetuity throughout the fullness of time. It's a lot of extra stuff if you're a fan of the
network and you haven't donated before. It's just day one. It's days of stuff. We're going to be
talking about it all throughout. I'll tell you how you can help out. It's maximumfun.org.donate
if you just want to get insight on seeing Ground Floor, get all that bonus content and gifts and
stuff like that. But we'll check back in. And once you do that, feel free to skip these parts
in good conscience, like you've done your duty. But we might say something like,
funny as shit. You don't know. Yeah, it might be like this new hotness.
Like the new thing. Everybody's like, have you heard this new sound?
But here's what we're doing this week. Just to say thank you to everybody that's been on
the My Brother, My Brother and Me bus for the longest time. Do we have a name for this? Back
to Basics? Ground Zero? My Brother, My Brother and Me Ground Zeros?
What do we call them? How about My Bim Bam Zombie Bits? Because these shits are dead for
a good reason. And I don't know if this is like the biblical apocalypse or like some sort of
scientist got buckwild, but they they're back. They've reanimated. Sheech Marin just like looked
out from his his hovel on the dock and saw the Titanic come back and he just called into the
mayor. And now the mayor is calling the Ghostbuster because these bits is back. This is My Brother,
My Brother and Me Goofbusters. Yep. Yeah, there it is. You found it. All right. Goofbusters.
That means we're going to be hitting all your favorite dumb things that we used to do, but
don't. And if we didn't, if we don't get it this time, we're doing another week of this. So I'm
very committed to doing every dumb thing we've ever done again. Wait, we didn't agree on this.
If we're talking about doing a Goofbusters two, then it is going to just like following the
pattern of the film series of Ghostbusters one and two. It is going to experience maybe a let's call
it a 40 percent decrease, a sharp 40 percent decrease in quality. But it might contain some
of the more recognizable characters, whatever our comedy Viggo is, our comedy Peter Scolari.
Not. No, it's Peter McNichol, my dude. McNichol. Damn it. I got my Peters confused.
We're definitely going to Peter McNichol on Goofbusters two, and I'm definitely going to
be controlling him from inside with a big NES arcade controller. That's canon. That's Nick
Cannon. Let's touch down in this pool of jokes. Should we start off with one of these Zombos?
Drop it like it's hot. Griffith, how hot is it? It's pretty hot because it's March and that means,
I mean, I'm in Texas and that means it's hot. Drop it. Drop it then. Put it down.
Okay, I'm trying to put it down. No one's making you hold it, Griffith. You are actively
making me hold it right now. Then put it down and free me from this prison. Travis,
my hands are burning. They're sizzling because of how hot it is and you keep interrupting me
while I'm trying to put it down. Travis, Jesus Christ, please let him put it down. Okay,
please put it down. It's too late. I'm on fire. Breaking news. This one just came over the wire.
I'm so sorry. I know this is inconvenient timing, but we got a haunted doll that has just come in.
This breaking haunted doll watch report is coming to you from eBay. That's the locale on this
particular one. Electronic Bay? The electronic bay washed up on the electronic bay. This dinghy
just washed up on the electronic bay. The whole crew is dead. The whole crew is dead, but Mary
was back and she's a porcelain doll, but here's the thing about haunted doll watch. I let it go
because it seemed like there are a lot of sob stories. I want to introduce you folks to the
fucking most posse haunted doll on the planet. Her name is Mary and this is the literal subject
of her eBay listing. Haunted porcelain doll Mary, beautiful, pure white, light, positive,
energy, light work. So Gmail for that shit. If you're looking for a Christmas gift for me,
it's not too late. What were the SEO tactics on that of a person just like,
somebody's going to be searching eBay for something positive and light and lightly haunted
and porcelain? I can't imagine. Although, I mean, I do want to meet the person that found Mary as their top
search result. Let's get into just like, let's get into her backstory because it's very uplifting
and amazing. Not all of it is because she's a haunted doll, but you know, somewhere I had to
take a turn. Greetings. I'm going to read this as close as I can without punctuation.
Greetings. Today, I like to introduce you to the sweet spirit of Mary. She chose this vessel as a
best represent her in human form. Mary was born in the 1950s and she met her demise in the late 30s.
Um, okay, wait, let's back up.
Hold on. Okay, wait a minute. This is a problem we've reached already. This baby died in 2030.
That's a problem for me. Wait, is it supposed to mean her late 30s?
Yes. Okay, yes. That was actually a misread on my part. Punctuation.
It's important. Mary, burning hell. Mary was born in the 1950s and met her demise in her late 30s
from automobile accidents. Multiple. She... Trying to figure that out. That fucking
transporter. Whoa, I'm flying through the wind. Oh God, it into another wind. Just let me die.
A transporter. Fucking cannonball run bullshit. She remains earthbound and she wasn't ready to
leave yet. She enjoys being around the living. She was a nurse. I mean, which is pretty striking,
especially considering she's someone that was in multiple car wrecks. Yeah, I imagine like meet Joe
Black. It was just like car to car to car ping pong. She was a nurse and never married and she
also practiced white witchcraft for her natural remedies. She brings healing for emotional
support such as grieving, anxiety, and depression. She has high vibrations. It is pure white light.
She has very joyous vibration. I've seen her beautiful lavender orb cascade throughout my home
going from room to room as if it is still doing your job. Oh baby, look, the orb is back.
Wonderful. The lavender orb is back doing its job. Look baby, the orb is lavender today.
Wonder. What a wonderful orb. If you ask me to turn it down, I'm trying to watch Netflix.
I'm watching House of Cards season four. Can you turn the lavender? The lavender is wonderful,
but can you please turn it? I'm getting a lot of glare from her lavender orbs.
If, uh, mainly in the wee hours of the morning. Cool. That's a good time to spot a floating
purple orb. I suppose. Dave, do we have any chocolate chips left? Mary, I'm trying to sleep.
Sorry, Dave. I just need those chocolate chips real bad. You know, you get that late night craving.
Hey Dave, I hate to barge in on you while you're having sex, but I notice you left a
trail of Reese's pieces up to your bedroom. So did you guys want me in on this or?
Okay. We didn't do that. First of all, Mary, we dropped one Reese's piece out there. Uh, okay.
I asked her, okay. She says there's somebody seeking her healing energy and it's time for
her to find a new spirit keeper. She responds strongly to pendulum EMF are outstanding as in
the photos. I asked her to turn on certain lights and she did. She's perfectly harmless,
love children and all great for a first time collector or an avid collector.
She has come through the spirit box with the words of Mary Carr. Hello and healer.
How does she get along with like cats in the house and other dogs?
Uh, well, she's great for kids. If you're looking for a starter, uh, haunted doll to buy for your
children that has a ghost inside of it, it's the Bulbasaur of haunted dolls. Definitely. I, I, um,
this sounds like a pretty good deal. Like it sounds like a sweet roommate, roommate situation
because you get that calming ass energy lavender light. That's so wonderful. But also like, um,
you know, when, when you and the, the, the, your, your spouse are in bed at night,
neither of you wants to get up to, you know, turn the fan on and turn the light off and turn
on the air purifier and turn off the dehumidifier. Um, then, then you got this orb that's just like,
don't worry, I got you click, click, click, click. Do you need anything else? I'll fill the humidifier
with my presence. I love this too, because you don't usually see this in haunted dolls,
but you could get a return on investment. Like she's got marketable skills that you could sell.
Yes. I, I really, I just, I'm almost done with this listing. I just really need to get this,
this last part out. As per eBay rules, I'm selling approximately five inch high. This is the saddest
part of haunted doll watch. This is the new eBay rules. And I think maybe if I, if, if I was looking
for a reason to get out of the game, this is it. eBay now, in addition to your fucking amazing
choice, sweet as hell eBay listing with like ghosts and shit in it, you also had to put in
a boring one for the norms where they're like, here's what I'm actually selling. Okay, fine.
Let's drop the veneer. It would be like, if you went to go see like Evita and she's standing on
the balcony and she's like, also, I'm an actress. There's no, there's no, it's just a fake balcony.
There's a ladder behind me. But do if you want to, because I'm trying to elicit an emotional
response. I like in Zootopia at the end when you're like you and your kids are having a good
cry because it's a film for both parents and children. And by Zootopia, I definitely meant
coming through Panda three, it zooms out and you see the animators and they're like, we got you. And
then they wink, cut to credits. As for eBay rules, I'm selling at approximately five inch high
porcelain doll with some wear due to age. She will come with a cute little broom and one that I
handcrafted myself, especially for her and a small shoe in which to hold them. Just one? No, it's a
shoe in which to hold the broom and wand she made for her. That's where they go. Yes. Yes. She comes
with all her accessories. Absolutely. That's where a broom is. A shoe and a wand and a broom to go
in the show. Yeah. Which hold them. She will also come with her story handwritten, a simple ritual
for communication and a free gift. Oh, you almost made it. You almost made it in there, but you did
say a simple ritual for communication with the doll, which I cannot imagine is within the purview
of some kind of like moderator at eBay. I don't know. I'm going to have to ask Dave. It is a ritual.
I mean, it does come with a ritual for communication. I'm going to have to take this up the ladder.
It says eBay forbids the sell of intangible item. Therefore, any experience that may occur
is simply free gift to you. So like, is that what you meant by free gift? I was hoping for like rope
or like an air freshener or something. Or a second shoe. So I can have one for the wand and one for
the brew. It comes with a shoe and a bonus shoe. So I didn't have to double up all my storage.
Why did we ever start doing a doll haunt? Juice, what's the current bid at? You can buy this for
$35 right now. Buy now. What? I've got $35? I was going to use that to donate to Maximum Fund,
but instead. No, let's go. I'm psyched for Max Fund Drive. I think it's a great cause. I love
being a part of this network. This is a better thing to spend the $35 on. Because I could make
money selling her healing services. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. The buy it now price is actually $33.75.
What a deal! An even better bargain. Absolutely. I just carved off a $1.25 for you.
Should we do another Zombo bid or a Yahoo? Let's do a question. All right, yeah. Second
actual question. Hit me. My brothers, I lit, this is actually hey brothers. There's a young man on
my bus wearing a top hat. He is dressed casually otherwise. Why is he doing this? What should I do
in this situation? That's for Matt. I originally, I just read it and I thought the last question
was why should I be in this situation? Why should I? Matt, this how you do me God? God,
this how you do me. Why should I be in this situation? Matt, first stay calm. You're going
to get through this. Yeah. We've all been there. There's so many variables that we don't know.
So I guess let's start with a broad net and then we'll tighten up that net by grabbing the corner
ropes of it and just like sort of squinching them together. Normal net procedure. All right,
who wears a top hat? Magicians, yes. Old timey men, yes. Oil barons, carpet baggers. Dead, dead.
Oil barons, I don't think wear them anymore. The undertaker in Mad Dog McCree. Yes. Dead.
Abraham Lincoln. Dead. Dead, okay. A lot of people who wear top hats are dead.
I'm learning now. Wait, what about the carriage driver ghost from Scrooge? You said ghost in the
fucking- What about the carriage driver of the ghost tours in Savannah? Good call. Where they
share where the ghosts are. I think they wear top hats. The host guy at Jacqueline Hyde Club in New
York. Okay, but I'm discounting both of those. It could be a carriage driver, it could be somebody
working at Jacqueline Hyde, except that they would either be completely in plain clothes
because they ended their fucking shift and they don't want to dress up like they're- They're
like, listen, Brian, you do a great job here at Jacqueline Hyde Club. We really appreciate you
very much. Your top hat stinks. It smells so fucking bad and you've got to take it home and
launder it. You know we launder the rest of your uniform for you. Your hat smells like fucking
head dookie and I hate it and I please would go home and wash it off. He's got a week old sandwich
underneath it. Hey, Brian, there's moss on your hat and I hate it. Yeah, you don't even need a
sandwich up in there. I remember distinctly. I'm getting- Oh man, I'm getting like nightmare
flashbacks right now in this waking moment that's giving me very strong anxiety. Remembering back
when we used to do Huntington Outdoor Theater in the middle of summer at an outdoor amphitheater
and we would do shit like fucking Hello Dolly and these period pieces where men would wear hats
and just kind of sweat their stink up into them. Just sort of vent up into the the velvety fabric
and then would take them off backstage and you would see a slimer come out of it each time.
Yeah, then they do shows like Beauty and the Beast at the outdoor theater. Oh, you're just
asking- Just trying to kill people. Yeah. Tragedy struck this time again, predictably.
We're on our sixth beast. Yeah, they just keep dying. So maybe this is a hat prank
whereas they got it glued onto them and they can't take it off or maybe it's like an alien
that saw a human wearing a top hat and morphed into them but that's like part of their physiological
form now and they can't take it off because it's part of the replicant. Maybe it is an alien but
more like a morgue style and he saw a picture of Abraham Lincoln. It was like the first thing
he imprinted on here on earth and he just like wears them because he thinks that that's what
earth men do. Oh, it also depends to me what city you're in on the bus because like there
are certain cities that if you said I'm in Portland I'd be like oh okay but if you were like
I'm in Atlanta I would be surprised. Well, okay. That's nothing against Atlanta, just doesn't seem
like a top hat city to me. If you're talking about a city where a PAX is held and it's on the weekend
of a PAX then it makes perfect sense. I believe it. Maybe just I hate to keep digging into this
fucking alien well but it could be a cone head that's embarrassed about the shape of their dome.
Could it be that the alien is the hat and the hat has like landed on top of a human's head
and begun controlling the human and you have to save that human by knocking the hat off of his
head? Yeah. Is it possible? Hold on. No, no, no. We should be explicitly clear. No matter what,
we figure out what the situation is or what we tell you to do. Walking up to this stranger on
the bus and knocking the hat off their head is absolutely the most important thing you can do
right now. This is objective number one, agent. This is your mission. Should you choose to accept
it? Just kidding, you have to. Go knock that hat off. And if he starts getting upset shake him and
say I freed you. You're free. Snap out of it. I saved you from the Zebulatroid. Snap out of it.
Uh, okay, what are some dope things you can say to someone before you knock the top hat off?
I'll start. Hat's off to ya. Okay, that's pretty good. How about this? Let me guess. Ferguson and
then they say no and as they're saying no you smack the hat off their head. Okay, but that sounds
like bullying. I just want to say because Travis and I are doing some like fucking independent
say welcome to Earth shit and it sounds like you might just be cyber bullying but in the meat space
realm. He needs it. I mean he needs it. I know. You're meat bullying Justin. That's not what we do
here. We don't meat bully. How about Abraham stinking and you knock it off his head? Okay,
no. Okay, so I have two meat bulliers on the show now. If you're giving someone bullying that they
richly deserve and need that is called parenting. It's very different. It's a different idea. No,
I'm saying. Oh, I've got it Griffin. How about this? Compromise. You knock the hat off his head
and then you say the magic was in you all along. Okay. Okay, knock that off your head and say
see you were beautiful without it the whole time. You don't need the hat to be special.
Knock the hat off and pretend it's like the like you just took the secretly attractive woman's
glasses off in any movie ever made. It's like the hat is his scrunchie and paint stained overalls.
Now wait. Exactly. Wait a minute. You lift up the hat. He like shakes it out. Just a beautiful
cascades to his shoulders. There he goes starring dude Rachel Lee Cook. I'm gonna fuck that top hat.
I'm gonna go fuck that Ferguson. Turn him into the prom king. Just watch me do it. No way man.
With that hat. No way. I'll go. Bro, you'll never be able to fuck him. Get him to be the prom king.
You want to bet my Ferrari? Okay. I bet my virginity. Wow. There's a lot of really
super sexual stuff going on right now. There he goes. A psychosexual top hat rock from Lionsgate.
Not another one. We've already released six of those this summer. Bring your family for a
heartwarming tale of meat bullying and jock fucking. This this month in mad magazine there
he went. A parody of all the hilarious top hat psychosexual big adventures that have been
happening in theaters lately. What me worry? Presented by the Wayans brothers. Top scat.
Okay we just we just confused three different parody things. Yeah we sure did. We sure did.
We definitely did. We should hold that art form in higher regard. Uh Griffin do you how about
another yahoo? Yeah sure or fuck or fuck off. How about this instead because it's March and we need
to fucking get ahead of some stuff. We got to get ahead of some stuff with some monthly observances
because we've been slightly we've been sleeping on it for a long long time. Well here's the thing
they don't invent new months. Like once you do 12 of them you ran through the set. But they do invent
new bullshit for them months don't they? Like every time. I'm talking about stuff like humorists are
artists month in March. Thank you for this. Thank you. Thanks for the recognition finally. I'm sick
of running up against that wall. Yeah I know. Adopt a rescued guinea pig month. Stop buying them
at the at the guinea pig box stores. No son of mine will ever be a humorist or a guinea pig.
That's not what that one is about I don't think. What's it about? Um how about play the recorder
month. Hey do it. Do this. Hey do this thing. Hey I'm not who am I I'm not your music teacher
but go do this. Hey dad can I have that new bicycle I've been dreaming about? I'm sorry son
things down at the recorder plant have been going real slow lately. People just don't want to play
them like they used to. Um how about if you were older than 13 and you buy a recorder you should
be arrested. Yeah it should be illegal to buy them if you're older than 13. That's some pied
piper bullshit. That's pied piper bullshit is what it is. There's only one piper and that's
the max fun piper. Um I I this one's important to me workplace eye wellness month. What? I workplace
eye wellness month you gotta be on constant fucking vigilant lookout for things that are
gonna come directly for your eyes while you're working at the workplace. Like staples? Staples
who knows? You know like that that kidder that kidder Evan who's always like pretending to fire
staples at you from the stapler. You get one of those you meet the business into one of those
little little paper paper huggers and you're done. You're done. Cut it out Evan. I mean it's important
too about all these glare from the screens. I don't have any science on it but I bet it's
probably not good for you that's why Justin wears those nerdy ass Gunnars all the time.
I just put a little blue gel over mine. I mean I can call them nerdy ass Gunnars because they are
they're gaming glasses that you wear but and I'm gonna be laughing to you until I can't fucking
see you anymore in like 15 years. Uh I actually don't. I just so you know I gotta have the
Gunnars biz. I found a place on Amazon that sells them it's like similar things for 15 bucks. Oh
dash. Much more stylish so like I'll get you up on it. Okay cool. Do they still like look like
you're about to go fucking paintballing? No they look like they look like they're actually in a way
worse because they look like you need glasses. Oh good. I don't yeah so it's like I don't so it
feels a little funny. Um man I don't know why we I can't I don't know why we stopped doing these.
It's so good. It's so funny. How does this bit usually work? Remind me Griffin. We usually
settle on one. What's the good like what's the funny thing about this? We settle on one and then
we come up with slogans for it. We do PSAs. Oh okay. National on hold month. What? Wait hold on.
Quinoa month. Get crazy. I do like that because for a long time I said quinoa. You didn't. I did.
No you didn't. Until uh this year. No. So it would be great if we had a month to bring that up. Okay
then Travis why don't you sort of take the fucking lead on quinoa month and try Justin I'll support
you as much as we possibly can but I do want to keep like a distance from you. Okay yeah I'll
here I'll start. It's not quinoa. Yeah it's not that. Go ahead Travis. How about this um why is
it spelled that way? We might never know but for some reason it's quinoa. National quinoa month.
Hey let me try one. Hey I know they call them ancient grains but you can still eat them.
They're not expired. They're not expired. Quinoa month. These grains belong in a museum.
Quinoa month. Rice is for real turkeys. Okay how about quinoa month. These these ancient grains
are fit for a quinoa month. Cracklin O'Brien is for babies. Get in this good shit. Quinoa month.
If you don't like the taste you can put some cranberries in there you goof. Check out this
fat sand. Oh what about just like a picture of whatever a grain of quinoa looks like with like
sunglasses and it's arms crossed and the caption is keen like k-e-e-n wow. Yeah wow but yeah so
kind of like a buzz but why is there a whatsapp thing? Well I was thinking more like pepsi man.
Okay that's some quinoa. How about this one um rumors that quinoa is just what is inside of
beanbag chairs is false. This message is brought to you by the quinoa council on this most sacred
month. Quinoa there's like a two percent chance they'll give you superpowers we don't know yet.
Quinoa month you're gonna be shitting like a dog. Enjoy your loose shits.
Quinoa month we want to get ahead of the whole loose shits myth. Your shits are gonna be tight
and compact but they are just gonna they were gonna have they're gonna have purpose getting
out of you quinoa month. Shit like you mean it. Shit like you mean it. Hey we made spaghetti bad.
We made it wrong it's so too long and stringy that whole dirt. This little spaghetti dots.
Quinoa month is like flavorless non-frozen dipping dots but cook them oh god but ice cream of the
past. Quinoa month you gotta cook these things. Quinoa month you live 30 years without it don't
waste any more time. That one's for me only. Oh god speaking of it being too long I would like
to talk to you about maximumfun.org. Abraham Lincoln never ate quinoa that's something you
can hold over his head in heaven. Travis please tell me about the max fun drive because now I'm
all boned up for it. I would like to tell you about the max fun drive Griffin here's the thing.
But keep it tight. Okay as we mentioned maximumfun.org is a donor supported network so we
count on you to support our network and the good news is if you choose to donate now which you
should at maximumfun.org forward slash donate you're not only going to get that warm fuzzy
feeling of being better than most people that don't donate but you're also going to get rewarded.
Tell me about these hot rewards or I can tell you you tell me how you want this deal to go down.
Well how about I start and then you pick up the ball and you run it into the end zone.
Okay that's a that would be a fumble recovery and I then we'd be on opposite teams I think.
Damn it no it's more of a lateral trick play. Nice flea flicker. Here's the thing no matter
what level you donate at you're going to get access to what I would say a metric shit ton
of bonus content. Let's break it down my brother my brother me we did something very similar for
our bonus episode this year called second bim bam second chances where we actually went back to the
actual questions that we did for the first 10 episodes for like an hour and we went through
and fielded them and just saw how our uh how our advice back then uh has changed to our advice now
and almost like unilaterally we are just sort of better human beings than we were in in 2010 the
year of our lord ad. Um there's also like I mean but we also have what four other bonus five other
bonus episodes on there yeah as well as like bonus videos and yeah shit you're not going to
get anywhere else and that's at any level so even if you only start out at five dollars a month
which five dollars a month that's only sixty dollars a year that's totally doable you get
access to a ton of bonus content um let me hit you with that ten dollar bonus because this one's
amazing uh we have do we have 22 shows on the network is that right it's like 24 okay well we
have these 22 bandanas see uh and you're gonna get to pick your fave and uh get that as a reward
for the ten dollar bonus you might be saying like well i've been a bandana but i'm not a biker biker
boy but i'm not a biker mouse from morse hey i'm not uh hulk hogan and like good good thing you're
not because right now he's tied up in some some stuff he's having some issues we'll talk about
that later he's in some hot water we're gonna get no we won't talk about later he's a litigious
gentleman yes that is anyway 22 bandanas each one is modeled after one of our shows there's
an adventure zone one that i am just crazy about there's my brother my brother and me one that i'm
also just crazy about these are some dope ass looking bandanas uh you can see them at uh at
maximum fun dot org slash donate uh they look really great and that's your your bonus for the
ten dollar thing as well as ten dollars a month and as well as all of the bonus content which
again infinity of it basically what about the twenty dollar a month griffin oh man okay i was
gonna take a drink of water but i'll i'll bust this out too no stay dry why don't you let me
go justin go take take a break podre let me take over uh twenty dollars per month you're gonna get
the max fun adventure necessity collection what does that include you ask well let me tell you
there's a multi-tool okay with like little scissors and uh knife and stuff you said it bad
he said it good he said it good there's toilet paper for your butt there's uh not just any toilet
paper this is camping toilet paper yeah not just your butt either you could use it on your eyes
if you were watching a sad camp movie or your pants like lady bits or you hear a sad camp story
there's also hot chocolate packet in there how to use that on your vagina travis
um very carefully justin paracord bracelet looks cool it's got a rocket on it all this has a rock
you know that puts you right up on your butt paracord isn't that the thing you can like
unravel and then you have like a rope in case you need to like i don't know fucking strangle
somebody in the wasteland who's trying to steal your water that's exactly what it is it doubles
as a grout wire yeah but then there's also the the multi-tool which looks sick as hell and
actually i am probably gonna bump up my donation on this year to get that and you get all of that
plus the bandana plus the bonus content it's a great deal for 20 a month well there's more
stuff we'll get to it later but like uh i i don't want to take well let's well if i could griffin i
actually wrote a little a kind of a little story to kind of help illuminate why i think people
should donate to maximum fun i hate what to say i hate what this is and the story goes a little
something i got these hairs on the back of my neck they've been standing up since we started
this fucking project once long ago it was coming let's get it over with once long ago on the moist
planet known as lacrosse it's always moist voices and every fucking one hey gang like now i'm mad
at you the listeners who are first of all like supporting this type of behavior don't sit in
moist we've done moist before there was an alien known as ravioli every night ravioli would eat a
churro drink some banana peppies and dream of sharing a catawampus with his thunderful friends
but you see ravioli had no thunderful friends because his planet was magnetic magnanimous
and empty then one day he tuned his proboscis to the northeast and picked up picked up a craggy
signal poppycock exclaimed ravioli excitedly friends he listened and heard stop podcasting
yourself he heard fleshy fun called jordan jesse go he enjoyed the donkey squeegees of throwing
shade he laughed himself silly at the dog football of mbmb am he instantly loved this malarkey
although he couldn't talk back to his new friends this network of maximum fun made him feel like he
was a part of something masticated then he heard something fantastical holy chalupas he cried he
had the chance to support his new shenanigans he ran to a space computer logged on to space
america online and pointed his browser to www.maximumfun.org forward slash donate my
flange feels amazing i love supporting things i love your flange could feel amazing too just
go to maximumfund.org forward slash donate and become a donor right now i refuse to believe
this is still okay it's over okay that was all and that was all true uh every word of it huh
yeah me and jj abrams pinned that can we it's a true story written by me and jj as a donation
incentive can we make it so that if we reach a certain point you never do that to us again
yes if we get 10 000 new and upgrading donors okay but our goal is 5000 so that is ambitious
agreed but it would take a lot for me to give up my one true passion in life yeah the only reason
he does this podcast is to do one sad lib every 35 episodes yeah your passion sucks uh we're
gonna talk more about maximum fun drive though because it is we think it's important uh a bit
later on but let's you guys want to yahoo maybe yes uh yeah okay i've got this one here
i built this city on yahoo's okay we did kind of um this one was sent in by uh top of the world
top of the world zoe kinski is that what you said it was no it's riding high riding high so because
i thought about this i like riding high because it implies that were she to misstep she could fall
back down the ladder a few rungs down so you can't yeah right now for now zoe kinski thank you it's
by yahoo answers user something has gone wrong i see an ad with a picture of michael phelps on it
i'm gonna say it's from that dude feichel melps it's from feichel melp swim boy 69 thank you
you feichel favorite movie feichel asks my son wants a google themed party for his ninth birthday
any ideas what my son wants a google theme sometimes i think you say what even though
you heard and understood the question no i i well heard and understood are two very different
concepts very very yeah i i got all the words you see yeah sometimes i just kind of wish that you
would like sit on it and think about because you do i enjoy like the little john ask enthusiastic
yelp but it's doubling my workload okay my son wants a google theme party for his ninth birthday
any ideas yes he's an incipient geek i don't know what that fucking word mean uh apart from sending
the children on an information hunt activity sounds like a cool birthday party whoa dad or mom
um yeah my my son's a real dip shit real nerd oh uh it's real dingleberry and i kind of hate his
guts uh apart from sending children on an information hunt type activity it would be
nice to have a few themed games that doesn't involve just sitting around the computer love
google love google love if i could just say like you probably shouldn't have any games that involve
sitting around the computer that's not actually a party technically yeah um love google though
my kid my my brat is so my brat son is all about fucking annoying dweeb loves that fucking google
oh man he calls him daddy google listen whatever you do for this kid you better do it right because
this kid is your mail ticket yeah here this kid is gonna do you real right as he gets older and
becomes uh uh able to earn money he may be the only person that earns money yeah he's gonna be
like musk musk junior junior musk junior musk little musk little musky little musky blowing
up bombs on mars to make it livable for human lives i love you little musky i'm glad i threw
you the best night birthday ever thank you for activating the genesis device with me inside of
it on mars i do appreciate that thank you for letting me live forever i wish that everybody
wasn't a clone of me up here but we'll figure that out in little musky version 2.0 can you get
a petting zoo with elon musk in it he's not a google boy is he never mind bad idea canceled
griffin what kind of things do people use google for let's start there like let's not just first
thought this let's a to c this shit yeah what do you use google for maybe it's google maps maybe
it's google docs maybe it's google docs maybe it's google docs maybe it's google nip slips google
nip slips new from google all the nip slips all in one place jeffrey rush nip slip let's be honest
that's basically google images like i don't want to cast this version i guess that's true um i got
some results for jeffrey rush nip slip did you i'm seeing them i'm looking at them enjoying them i'm
enjoying them and loving them he did good stuff anyway um oh i'm gonna get rid of that image
thanks uh always be on that watch list google google birthday information gathering high i
think is fun maybe he's talking about some private detective shit like hey i think the
terence is still my fucking lawnmower go get over there see what you can do all kids love being
privatized what's your piece of shit dad up to your mouth let's find out kids you know the irony
here is that this dad could figure this out just by googling how to throw a google themed birthday
party but the sheer jealousy he feels with his insidious geek son's love of google versus his own
he's too proud his own hubris stops him from solving this problem well fucking google's got
that gobot now right that can be a chinese board game that is a billion years old that nobody's
ever been able to master and they just like program that i don't see why they can't program
this this kid like a better dad or mom like happy birthday i've been replaced by i'm gonna go like
kick it and they're probably psyched about it because they hate their nerd son so much because
they're a piece of shit right the parent not the nerd they just need like a break they just need
like one second to themselves they just need like a minute to themselves just one day to not think
about google yeah you can just stop talking about google we get it you love google what about my
needs if you guys could um if i can make one different google like if i can make one change to
google or like an alternate google yeah my alternate google would be a google that did not
return picture uh like every time i search for an actress for more information about her it did not
return search results about her feet yeah every single time literally autocomplete with like more
information about her feet like every single let me actually that would be my dream google i'm on
google.com i've typed in jeffrey rush's name and that's a tough one to think about how to spell
jeffrey it's because it's not it's all wrong uh the top result it says right here is jeffrey rush
nip slips so like again like the standards are disgusting you might have some search history
there what if what if we invented a program an app for google called like google buddy and it was
just like a program that you typed it in and before anything came up google buddy came up like hey do
you want this to not be weird do you want me to like sort through this for you and then we could
come up with a fucking dark timeline bad google called boogle and boogle is just gonna be you turn
it you turn on your computer and you open up it'll have its own web browser at that point it's not
even google chrome anymore there's just a boogle web browser and you just click it and just a random
pick of feet come up because it's just like we cut out the middle man no boogle no boogle get
the fuck out of here buddy i can't he tied me up in the other browser are you sure it's jeffrey rush
he's got lots of crazy warts on there no i'm good you gotta see what he's been walking on griffin
i don't well i do actually i'm kind of curious it's not what you think would you like to see
jeffrey rush crush a pie with his gibberish feet google you shut up would you like to play
go i'm super sick yeah that would actually be great okay move one well this is you've just
replaced the image of the board with are those jeffrey rush's feet and his nipples i photoshopped
him onto there he's got nipple toes google you are the absolute worst piece of software
i would like to invest 10 million dollars into you i'm elon musk i see a lot of promise here
i love jeffrey rush's feet welcome to elon musk's special mars dome we only have one
search engine here it's google it's kind of like the wild west how about a question yes absolutely
you want a regular one yes the one that we built i would like you to read it at the end of each work
day my husband and i arrive at the entrance of our apartment complex to check our mailbox before
heading in for the past three weeks like clockwork a white haired elderly gentleman around the age of
75 to 80 exits the mailroom and literally now and literally walks backwards towards his own
apartment a good five to seven minute this is going to be a great opportunity for us to talk
about one of our favorite just sort of running bits which is a ghost themed thing because there's
a ghost he's a ghost man and this is a ghost and you got a ghost in your spot it's a very
surreal thing to watch thank you question asker thanks for those important details he almost
always has a grimace in his face and worse he stares right at us while he's doing it now can't
uh we've been trying to figure out why you would do this he's a bad ghost is this a new exercise
for the elderly are we in an episode of twin peaks and most of all why in god's name must he
stare at us while he does it is it any chance you might be able to shed some light on this we would
love to hear uh your own thoughts and conclusions on the matter that's from alexis i think i think
you need to shed some fucking proton light on him i think busting i think it's time for you to feel
good he's not being threatening in any way oh you sure because he's walking backwards and mean
mugging these two well he's walking backwards five to seven minutes because he wants you to
free him from this eternal pain oh it's a misha barton ghost not a slimer yeah it's one it's
always one of those two yeah you're either dealing with a barton or a slimer although she
does barf all over herself and that's kind of slimy you gotta protect you gotta protect this
old man one from other busters because they don't understand busters just don't understand
and two you gotta find a way to free him maybe there's a piece of mail he never collected
that and you need to like break into his mailbox and get the mail for him so he can finally be
freed from this pain prison maybe he woefully misunderstood that one scene where people started
running alongside forrest gump because he was so inspirational maybe he thinks that he's gonna get
one going now and it's just you walking next to him backwards like what is gonna what is gonna like
curtail this behavior faster than you joining this man on his like leisurely backward stroll
maybe he completely misunderstood the scene from ferris bueller and he's trying to roll the miles
back by walking backwards no this is the saddest this is the saddest possibility is that he thinks
he will unate he will binge him and button himself by rolling back the old ageometer on his tipper
i think he's probably just like the greatest old man effort he's like i hey i gotta fucking i only
got a few years left let's do this shit let's freak out let's get it yeah let's get it wet i'm
johnny knoxville welcome to jackass you know those new kids he moved in next door i'm gonna gaslight
the fuck out of i'm gonna gaslight these fucking little idiots enjoy your 30s i want to fuck them
up real good i'll be embedded a decent hour or two my life's awesome i can watch jeopardy and
not feel guilty about it like my whole thing is awesome and i know everything because i've been
around for so long it's like yeah everything i know all the red that been there been there read
that super old awesome shit for 65 years back when people used to just let you do whatever the
fuck you wanted all the time i used to now there's restrictions everywhere so you can't do fun stuff
like smoke on a plane but i can make your minds melt from inside out by walking backwards the
simple act of walking backwards confuses the fuck out of you enjoy your lives millennials
one time i guess one time i visited the white house and while i was there i ate a whole pack
of cigarettes fuck you millennials guess what uh guess what restaurants i can get away with
ordering pudding at all of them all of them that's right i can order pudding anywhere i want to
they don't always have it but i'm not going to get any mean looks enjoy your your fragile bubble
lives um guys i feel like it's time for us to bring back a bit okay trying to think of a fluid
way to do it but it's not possible because the bit i want to bring back it's hard to fit into
the thing that we're doing here um and the thing that we're doing here is we're going to talk about
oh well maybe like okay millennials if you do want to maybe learn some stuff and go to a place where
you can be be whatever you want chase whatever dream you want stand in your whatever truth you
want to stand in uh it's time for you to get out of that city life that urbania and it's time for
you to slide on over to rural town because it's time for far wisdom far wisdom find darryl in a
barrel farm you're all bones but can i still get that wish that's the first that's actually the
first if you find the darryl in a barrel he has to grant you a farm wish darryl i know you're all
bones but hey listen have you seen my tivo remote because i can't find it anywhere um i'm looking so
we didn't get any sent in because like why the fuck would we uh i had to go googling around for
them and i found a few like stinkeroonies like uh here's one from modern farmer.com there's like a
few tips here like birds are farmers friends thanks guys i think i could have figured that
one out they like shit on your plants and they get better and they eat all the bugs now tell
me when birds become farmers best friends i would love to see that unlikely when you birds become
farmers friends with benefits on farmersonly.com it's all birds uh this one is said treat your
winter squash gently that one's not oh they ain't into that rough shit how about this one though um
this one is important because it's also sort of tapping into one of our sort of key
interest areas uh make sure your horse doesn't eat too fast scouring it scouring again keep in
mind this book was written in like 1815 um but it still holds true today uh scouring is caused by
too rapid eating which can be prevented by putting half a dozen pebbles the size of the fist into the
manger with the oats oh meatballs that sounds like a good way to get pebbles in your horse's tummy
well no it's the size of the fist so like they're gonna taste that rock and be like nope that's a
rock let me just put that to the side um according to farmer modern farmers some commentary on this
old ass book said horses in 2014 still need some help taking it nice and slow when they eat like
of course they do like guys we gotta get it together we talked about this last week we got
to eat slower we're scouring our bellies it's bad bad stuff um uh and rocks in the feed trough are
still a simple way to keep them on pace we still we still do that says pete burkholder a large animal
veterinarian based now wait i want you to read that again girlfriend but do it with a really posh
british accent oh we still do that said pete burkholder a large animal veterinarian based
in dayton virginia that's a standards recommendation you sound like tim curry
so do you do we are we saying we put rocks in the fuck yeah dudes think there will be food spice them
up no i think they say they mix the pebbles into the not just like oops all pebbles yeah i don't
prefer this i would prefer just more oats back thanks they learned to eat slower here's a you've
done you did really good out on the track today here's a sugar cube and a pebble i put it on top
of it i made like i made horse sushi basically here's a bad one though extra bonus content
thank you modern farmer extra bonus content a very bad piece of old farm advice what's the
opposite of wisdom ignorance fuck up farm fuck ups farm fuck up this farm fuck up says um one
of the miscellaneous pamphlets tucked inside the encyclopedia is an old ass encyclopedia
is an older brochure entitled the horseman's friend or pocket counselor that's that's a great
name for a fucking podcast hi we're your pocket counselors we live in your phone nice pockets
uh wb mccrum this is the author's name i'm not making this up maybe this website is is dr wb
mccrum that's m apostrophe crum mccrum i'm dr mccrum and here's a bad piece of horse wisdom
um mccrum offers instruction on how to treat dozens of common horse ailments including weak
eyes or hooks do you mean hooves you bad doctor uh if the horse's eyes or lids are swollen he
recommended bleeding the vein below the eye come here buddy i'm no i'm just gonna goose you out
not a big deal let dr mccrum thank you mccrum dr mccrum get in there and fix you up good
they call me horse killer mccrum this is definitely certainly not good advice it's just
crazy says burgholder don't do this then why'd you put it in the damn pamphlet
so welcome to he ha bones our show where it's like about it's like saw bones about horses
welcome to weird ways welcome to he ha bones pocket counselor so how's the show going oh no
are you allowed to tell me how the show is going or is it a secret i couldn't tell which one you
were for a moment there just keep i'm the only one who's made multiple appearances
are you thinking of amalie my sister canon my sister amalie's only been on what i should have
really considered before i shot my son a little bit of weather schnoten could you tell i wanted
to see how the show is going but i've been listening the whole time okay schnoten schnoten
i think you might have some sort of laryngitic property about you right now because you do sound
like a small old witch a little known secret is that i am that i am a small old witch a lot of
people don't know could you tell the listeners what they get if they donate to maximumfund.org
at 35 a month their name on a list they will be on a government list okay oh no people who are
known supporters of podcasting what do you use that list for sound like wind going through a
broken tree end of bit done end of bit that was like the hit character head cold schnoten
he's done that's an exclusive version of the figure if you can find head cold schnoten it's
worth like at least 150 bucks on the market there's a chase chase version um okay so now
human meat justin please tell us what you get at 35 a month thirty five dollars a month well
i'm glad you asked uh that's gonna get you into the leadership squad you're gonna get a maxfund
uh uh uh it's like a how thermos is that is that selling it short i think that a vacuum thermos
with a tumbler on top for travel it's really cool looking it's really cool looking it looks like a
bullet a podcast bullet fuck yeah uh and you can put coffee in it or booze or whatever it's up to
you it's your thermos or it will be if you donate thirty five dollars a month um uh to the maximum
fund now remember you're not just buying gifts that would be an insane price to pay for a thermos
honestly uh thirty five dollars a month in installments you're paying because you really
like the shows um think about how your life would be uh if if without max fund podcasts
probably about the same but a little worse right so we would love it if you would pay us for that
um very into maximumfund.org uh to donate and you'll if you do thirty five dollars a month you
get the thermos plus all the other stuff we already talked about and you get a chance to
choose all the shows that you listen to and support all the shows that you listen to uh if
you're a hundred if you so if you want to get like buckwild and you really want to help us out
um and you want to line our pockets with you know meat and vegetables that we can eat and consume
and get strong uh we have we have higher levels like a hundred dollars a month gets you a membership
in the inner circle that's a monthly culture club where one of the hosts of a max fund podcast
uh recommends some cultural thing maybe a book maybe a game maybe a movie maybe i don't know
music uh i don't know i said i don't know like music is obviously an obvious thing that it could
be uh and then uh you'll you'll be a part of the club and you'll get that sent to you in some way
some form or another didn't we do meet the deedles oh maybe we did i think we did meet the deedles
we also did uh we did buckshot the funk oh yeah we did a funk album yes god that album kicks ass
anyway hundred dollars a month gets you in that uh if you really really want to uh go go ham uh
go full ape um then there is two hundred dollars a month that gets you free registration for max
fun con 2017 um so it's it's you know we we don't expect that everybody's gonna be able to ship in
at that level because if so you're like your musky junior and you know we dig that or whatever but
really just like showing any support that you possibly can means means the most to us um because
i i really think about it like we started this thing doing my brother my brother and me once a
week it was this 50 minute goof them up thing that we did and now like we're because of the support
that we've gotten from this network we've been able to like do a bunch of live shows by the way
maybe news on that coming up in the next few weeks uh we've been able to launch a bunch of
new podcasts like the adventure zone which we all love doing so so much uh and and shows like saw
bones and bunker buddies and and shmanners and and all these shows like the reason that we've been
able to expand and basically turn this almost into like our full-time jobs i mean it is tribes
this full-time job uh at this point is because of because of the support we've gotten from you
and it means a lot and if you want to like if you like what we do and you want to help support that
that growth um and allow us to experiment with new stuff and do more of the stuff that you like
then uh think about doing it just go to maximumfund.org donate and if you're already a
donor um this is a great time to kind of consider maybe upgrading your your donorship your donation
um you know we've added a bunch of new shows maybe you've started listening to a bunch of
new shows on the network this year this is a great time to say like you know what i'm gonna
uh raise it up a little bit include some of the other shows i listen to and if you become a donor
if you upgrade your donation be sure that you tweet at us and let us know so that we can say
thank you yeah we also have a challenge we have challenge donors too who have agreed to donate a
certain amount of money for each new donor we get and hopefully we can reach that 5000 new donor and
and upgrading donor goal but every time we get a newer upgrading donor those challenge donors kick
in a little bit of money so you're you're also kind of doubling down on your donation anyway
well listen so that we know five five thousand donors sounds high but our the uh and a lot of
people are right now are saying that we'll never do it our nemesis over at channel 8 say that they
are gonna buy max fun they're gonna buy it the whole thing yeah unless we can get five thousand
donors they're gonna they made a bet yeah and if they buy us they're not gonna use us the way that
we want to be used they're gonna change the name of the network to craps fun and then they're gonna
bulldoze all the shows and turn them into parking lots well no they'll make us keep parking lots
they'll keep making us do the podcast but they get to decide what goes in on it just to like
embarrass us so like the craps fun version of the show would just be like oh my boogers fell out
and like i don't want to say that stuff i don't want to say that stuff because it's embarrassing
but that's what channel 8 wants us to do i'm sorry i know listen i know we hate channel 8 i
know they're gonna buy back fun if we don't get five thousand donors that's hysterical yeah
my boogers fell out if that's what gets you to donate we will dance for you whatever way you
want to yeah if you want to watch a new podcast and a new uh decade once a decade podcast called
my boogers fell out i mean just say it like just say it don't leave me hanging here guys yeah that's
very good so let us know how my boogers fell out okay here's the key here's the key if you're
thinking about it you're like you know what i would like to do that do it right now while
you're thinking about it don't wait if you're driving pull over to the side of the road donate
now don't wait because the longer you wait you might forget about it and then the two weeks will
fly by max fun drive will be over and you'll miss out on your chance to be a part of this super fun
two related things not quite about the drive but drive adjacent uh we're doing a max fun meetup day
it's gonna be tuesday march 22nd at 7 p.m whatever your local time is listeners have been organizing
meetups at maximumfund.org meetups um so if you want to celebrate max max fun drive uh fortnight
in person with other folks who like the network uh go to maximumfund.org meetups uh everybody
we've ever met who has come to like shows or has uh come to max uh the the max fun con uh has been
really really great it's a really great squad um if your city's not on the the maximumfund.org
meetups page and you want to throw one uh shoot an email to stacy that's s t a c e y at maximumfund.org
and they can add that to the page what was the second thing and you said there are two things
yeah two things oh yeah if you tweet about the show with a link to the donate page so it's
maximumfund.org donate uh along with sort of a statement to help like spread the word about
maximum fun and what we're doing here with the hashtag toast to max fun you're you're gonna be
entered into a drawing for one of uh john hodgeman's favorite breville products a kitchen
electronics uh consumer electronics device for the kitchen uh like a toaster hence toast to max fun
oh that makes a lot of sense yeah okay anyway we've talked forever let's get back into it
uh how about another question guys yes oh how about a yahoo we've only done one perfect sounds
good um this yahoo was sending fuck there's two goodens can we do both yeah so i'm sitting by
kate anslem who uh thank you kate it's from yahoo answers user wfr74 who asks when is truck month
traditionally celebrated um it's when is truck month traditionally celebrated is truck month
when dealerships give discounts on trucks um yeah and they just kind of celebrate the damn things
don't they they just do the damn thing you know we love you trucks i'm glad we get to sell you
for so cheap to people who give you a good home and a good garage and good drives don't you hate
it when truck month you know there are people who like only celebrate trucks during truck month
and you're just like oh you're like one of those once a year truck owners well what if they okay
instead of establishing a calendar month what if they just did it an easy way to do is just piggy
back on to another month-long event so how about like lent because then you're gonna get all
frustrated because you can't drink your mountain dew or you can't jerk off uh but you can go mudding
in your truck that you bought truck month lent get it and then when it's over you marty grab the fuck
up or is that before do you do you think people ever um do you think people ever got really
confused about truck month and then at the end of truck month they put their truck in the garage
and they're just like i'll see you buddy i love you love you have a great year have a great year
oh sleep good my buddy i left you a big bowl of car food get hungry do it if you get scared in
this dark garage just honk for me buddy okay i'll come in here and i'll tell you i won't get in you
or operate you because that's illegal thanks to obama but anyway i'll tell you a story about the
better times we had where we trucked together what if you're fucking on the road and you're
like in tucson trying to get back to dallas but it's like 8 pm the night before truck month ends
and it's like i gotta fucking go i gotta fucking go it's like the purge like i gotta get back to
my garage it's gonna turn back into miata holy holy shit no that movie you just described it
could be literally gremlins is that what happens in gremlins no there's a car called yeah okay
uh oh i see what if instead of truck month and i did the math here you did two hours a day
every day for an entire year and that's going to add up to truck month but instead you took
two hours a day to really appreciate trucks so that's a lot of time that's a significant
investment would you rather do it all in one block griffin 24 hours a day for 31
days yeah you'd die exactly i didn't eat today i was too busy praising my truck
could you schedule at least half of it during sleep hours like you promise yourself you're
gonna dream about your truck at least once for an hour but what happens if you don't do you have to
like flog yourself yeah well now you just have to spend an extra hour the next day and then
you get people who like try to like listen i got a busy weekend of travel coming up my kids with
two hours thinking about trucks so we're gonna spend four hours thinking about trucks today
and four hours thinking about trucks on monday i will gladly pay you tuesday for a truck dream
tonight uh but it's a great excuse though when people are like hey do you want to like go bowling
you're like oh i wish i could but i blocked out like eight to ten for truck month truck month
let me ask you this if we go bowling how much are you going to be comfortable with me talking about
my truck you know not at all how comfortable are you gonna be with me parking my truck at
the end of the lane and throwing bowling balls out the rolled down window
this is a cool this is a cool boy hey hey man y'all are cool thanks for letting me do this
it's so it's so tough to squeeze in the time you know what i mean y'all know how it is it's truck
month is demanding and i forgot to do my sleep dreaming about my trucks last night so i got to
do my bowl trucking anyway thanks a lot i'll promise i'll clean these floors up i'll come
back next tuesday and get them hey listen i just want to say y'all are the fucking coolest synagogue
ever i will never spend the sabbath anywhere else this fucking rules fucking let me up here even
like i'm not going to get behind the curtain because i know nobody's allowed back there it's
like the toro ever but like i'm so fucking stoked that you let me pull my truck uh right into this
here synagogue thanks for having an open mind uh sir and an open door sir i have to ask are you
drunk right now are you drunk driving i've pulled you i'm a cop let me set the stage i'm a cop i've
pulled you over from drunk driving what do you think you're doing hey mate i gotta squeeze them
in you know you know how it is i gotta get squeezed at the times just truck month he gone buy me a
four truck and cruise it up and down the road yes sir you're you're literally inside a police station
yeah you drove your truck into a police yes i am and i'm thinking about these trucks all day buddy
baby get in come on get in but just this one we're gonna knock out just because it's truck
month we're gonna knock out some of your credit hours come on buddy love fucking love trucks i
fucking love trucks so much i love them these trucks like our new thing like you know that
scene in back to the future when he fucking throws open the garage and there's that fucking
boner riff it's just like a big cock oh i love that scene with headlights on it's just a big
headlight head just donger ah cool just a cool shiny new hog and biff just got done polishing
oh it was like a biff that fucking cuck just polishing that new future hall was the car from
the future i don't think no i think it was just a new a new car okay real quick let's get to this
other yahoo because i don't want to sleep on it it's by sitting by level 9 000 yajoo drew drew
davenport thank you drew it's by yajoo answers user tara sage who asks do sonic characters have
last names i really want us to get into the sonic verse more often wait i think there's a lot of
stuff in there or fuller titles than just sonic knuckles shadow silver blaze amy etc i always
assumed that his name was like sonic t hedgehog that's ridiculous that's ridiculous okay tails
yes does have a full name bernie sanders what if what if he stole my heart i mean do you know
what tails is miles last name o'brien but that's the character from deep space nine i've been
watching a lot of it can't tell the difference yeah you've been tweeting a lot about deep space
nine i kind of had to mute mute that hashtag i had to mute it you've been penetrating that hashtag
i'll do my channel i'll come up with a different form of it you can't hide from my hashtags
uh miles power yes amy rose yes that's as far as miles per hour no miles holy shit that is what it
means yeah no shit are you kidding me no yeah that was a joke revelation that was a joke
realization sometimes i throw those in just to see if you guys catch it but yeah i know no i
know i know i got this yes miles per hour fucking amy rose yes those are the only two i think those
are the only two that we know but a name a last name can't be the hedgehog or the echidna or the
bat or the rabbit there is absolutely no way that like knuckles is his given name or sonic like
we've already established that tails isn't actually called tails so what if sonic's name is like
stephen herman and he's like call me sonic and it's like no no i'd rather call you but
by your regular name i'd rather call you sterman like sterman the hedgehog uh now big the cat
his last name is actually berkowitz which not many berkowitz big berkowitz
big berkowitz i like that sonic his last name is also berkowitz because him and big are married in
my head what's what's dr robotnik's first name is it doctor is he a medical doctor has he been
named doctor his first name is obama obama robotnik bobo robotnik justin if it sounds
like maybe you're scared off of this question maybe you're afraid to fucking step on the toes
of the sonic fan verse i literally the the sonic fandom is very perplexing to me because i don't
know if like i never know if it's sexual or not like i don't know people who like sonic i don't
know if it's a sex and there's there's some things which is fine it just colors how i would discuss
it you know what i mean i want you to know something yeah at some point in in all of the
sonic fandom someone has written sonic fan fiction in which sonic has collected a ring
looked at another character and said you know where this would go and then put it on his sonic
penis i don't like that right on his chili dog i mean um i mean they throw it the chest was
tricky about this is they throw in some landmines like cream the rabbit you can't have a guy named
cream you can't have a woman named cream rabbit on here what are you doing you can't do have that
in your video game for kids no way inappropriate there's been crossovers where like sonic and
mario have done shit together yeah like done sports at the olympics and it's like i can't
imagine that that you know that changing room between games what's your name mario what's yours
cream okay are you sure that's what right that's what sonic called me i don't and there's and mario
has done quite a few crossovers with people through your smash bros and whatnot yeah so the
sonic universe extends it's huge way farther than anyone could possibly imagine they're all married
in my head no way don't try to pull in this tommy westfall garbage that that that we're like all
video game characters it's true though it's just to name two nintendo boys name two nintendo guys
um the those little dipshits from ice climbers they're married to each other
wow what about the blob from boyness blob and the boy from boyness bob are married yes
they have some let's just say they have some jelly bean fun but they riven are all of these
like loving like marriages like they're all married yeah they're all yeah but like think
about it like it makes sense if you think like it's like if you're the boy from boyness blob
and the blob there you're stuck in a video game cartridge there's only two entities that don't
try to kill each other what's he gonna do marry marry the snakes no no i bet the blob has a real
name and hates being called the blob yeah he's a ghost isn't he i just assumed he was a ghost
i thought he was a beanbag chair i think travis is suggesting that he's like a jeremy yeah a
boy and his jeremy i have a name it's jeremy t blob honestly as bowser and ganador fall in love
very much well yeah they tell you get together and they make spaghetti for each other and they kiss
and they talk about how hard their day is they talk about how hard their like mario did it again
a boy stabbed me in the head so the second time and he smashed all my goddamn pots smashed my pots
i bought those pots stabbed my head it's all bad so you think i'm made of pots justin you again
sounds like you don't really care about married nintendo characters it sounds like this is not a
thing that you think about all the time who's married nintendo and take a i i'm i'm just trying
to be respectful of one person who's permanently masturbating because you just opened a fucking
dark dark cocoon they're trying to like understand yeah and absorb hey listen that word there's i
saw a podcast behind in this today and we tried really hard to do a good podcast for you for a
whole year and now and it was with the understanding you're gonna pay us for it at some point yeah so
let's let's let's let's hey no more goof around let's do the damn thing huh uh let's go to
maximumfund.org first slash donate just carve off a few bucks and hey let us know if you do that on
twitter so we can like say thank you um i know we've goofed about stuff a bunch but like we
really do appreciate like i mean this show is like amazing and it is it's changed changed all of our
lives is that what you meant this show is so fucking sick it's fucking changing comedy it's
changing words and sounds no it's changed it's changed our lives like i can't believe that we
get to do this and that like whenever we do live shows people come out to see us like i can't
believe that this is this is the the fucking stupid lives that we have it's so great and
it's all because of it's it's it's all because of you guys and it's because of the max one network
is because the support that you all show us year in year out so that's genuinely thank you thank
you thank you thank you thank you um go to maximumfund.org donate you can find out all
about the the rewards uh if you donate at any any level you can uh get all that bonus content um
and then there's there's tons of rewards tons of gifts for you to get into uh at different levels
so again maximumfund.org donate and if you're already a donor don't forget to tell your friends
that you know are max fun listeners go on twitter talk about it retweet links you know do whatever
you can win a fucking win a fucking toaster win a fucking toaster for your troubles do you guys
want that final give it to me oh oh one other thing uh if you do donate or if you like don't
have the dollars to donate right now either way um it would be awesome if you could tweet about
the the max fun drive uh maximum you know it's max fun drive is the hashtag but uh if you could
tweet about it just let people know and make sure to include the link there that would be
excellent we really appreciate it uh how about this final yahoo oh and thanks to john roger
in the long winters for a theme song instead of parts off the album putting the days to bed
another friend another friend of the max fun family thank you uh it's by yahoo answers or
sent in by nicole thompson thank you nicole it's by yahoo answers user i think it's just me yeah
it's just me i ask i ask this i ask can you clone a pizza
my name is justin mackerel i'm charles i'm griffin mccoroy
this has been my brother my brother and me kiss your dad square on the lips
maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported the three of you
enter a cave of a big red dragon and is standing over a horde of precious golden rubies and he
says what do you do adventures i'm a dragon man i cast fire on him it's very good i address the
red dragon to say us we're the hosts of the adventure zone a podcast about family playing
dungeons and dragon very good synergy commit to the bit i i i roll to charm new listeners
it is very effective against all odds everybody we're the mcroy's we host the adventure zones
of podcasts where we play dungeons dragons together it's a comedy podcast we don't take
the rules too seriously because there's a lot of them and we did not take the time to learn them
maybe listen to us we come out every other thursday on the maximum fun network you can
find us on itunes or on maximumfund.org i think this promo is a critical hit